Josh and Sarah are scientists that work on a joint project. When the time came to write the paper, Josh wrote a first sketch and opened a repository &#39;Nobel prize paper&#39; on ZuckermanBrain github. They split the writing work in between. Sarah will write the introduction and discussion while Josh will write the methods and results. Sarah opened the &#39;sarah-part&#39; **branch** and Josh opened the &#39;josh-part&#39; **branch**. They **cloned** the branches to their local computers and worked. From time to time, they **added** (staging) and **committed** their work to their local branches. Each time they felt that one of the paragraphs got to a reasonable level of completeness they **pushed** it into their remote branch. After a while Sarah and Josh **merged** their branches to the remote master and deleted the branches.  Now they have the first full version of the paper but it needs to be improved. Sarah created a &#39;sarah-version&#39; branch and Josh a &#39;josh-version&#39; branch. Each of them worked on the entire paper to fine tune their basic version. Josh merged his branch first and therefore had no conflicts with the current master version. When Sarah tried to merge, she found out that she needed to **pull** from master and solve the conflicts before **merging** her version. For now, there were just small changes to be made so they worked directly on the master branch. Each of them **cloned** the master for their local repo. Now before **pushing** their commits they need to **pull** from the master and solve conflicts if they exist. When they sent the paper to Lea to go over (and be acknowledged in the paper) she worked on her own branch and opened **pull request**  for the changes she offered. When everyone was happy with the version they **tagged** itwith the name &#39;Nature submission&#39; and sent it to Nature editor. Nature editor argued that the paper is too long and needed to be split into 2 papers so they **forked** the &#39;Nobel prize paper&#39; repository on zuckermanBrain to &#39;Nature 1&#39; and prepared it for submission. When they finished the first paper they **tagged** it and **forked** again the &#39;Nobel prize paper&#39; repository to &#39;Nature 2&#39; and prepared it for submission.